# Climate_change_AI
Climate is a complex system and is changing fast. Met Office has a dashboard showing the potential key indicators of climate change such as greenhouse gases, global temperature, ocean heat content, sea-ice extent, sea level, climate modes etc.CO2 is one of the main heat trapping gas. Many machines were invented to trap CO2. However, their running cost is significantly higher. Therefore, the global mission is to limit the global warming to 1.5°C from pre-industrial levels. 2030  Agenda  for  Sustainable  Development  A  UN  resolution   in September 2015 adopting a plan of action for people, planet and prosperity in a new global development framework anchored in 17 Sustainable Development Goals. Currently nations around the world are striving to move away from traditional energy sources and decarbonization process. 

Carbon-free technologies like renewable energy help combat climate change, but many of them have not reached their full potential. Consider wind power: over the past decade, wind farms have become an important source of carbon-free electricity as the cost of turbines has plummeted and adoption has surged. However, the variable nature of wind itself makes it an unpredictable energy source—less useful than one that can reliably deliver power at a set time. Artificial intelligence (AI) can be applied to predict the renewable energy source such as wind power better, so that the electrical companies can minimise the use of non-renewable energy source such as fossil fuel.

Lab1: Visualised global average temperature rise, local temperature behavior around the globe, global temperature anomalies and the impact of temperature rise. 

Lab2: In this lab exploratory analysis of the Spatial Dynamic Wind Power Forecasting or [SDWPF dataset](https://arxiv.org/abs/2208.04360), which contains data from 134 wind turbines in a wind farm in China. The SDWPF data was provided by the Longyuan Power Group, which is the largest wind power producer in China and Asia.
